Weston I guess first thoughts what's
going through your mind right now um
there's been a lot that's gone really
the last 48 hours for me so a lot of
different emotions you know I just
appreciate the fact that uh I had six
amazing years with this organization the
friends that I made on this team will be
friends forever
guys that I'll talk to forever the fan
base was I mean I just everything about
my experience here was was more than I
ever could imagine so it's definitely a
lot of different emotions going on right
now yeah I'm that's that's really why
we're here today is allow me to explore
that and be able to make a decision
quickly um rather than having to wait
till the end of the four agency deadline
so uh there's uh there's a good
opportunity for me out there and I want
to make the most of it and showcase my
talents for them I am not until there's
a contract officially signed and all of
that stuff taken care of I have been
instructed that I can't say who the team
was is it just one team or do you have a
couple of options
well there's there was some different
interests out there throughout the South
season but I've I've got a decision made
and it's kind of just coming down to the
point where when you just need to cross
the t's and dot the i's yeah I mean ever
since first time I touched a football as
something I dreamed about is having an
opportunity to play in the NFL you know
on the game's biggest stage to kind of
get to that point now it's pretty
surreal it's it's exciting for me I'm
looking forward to the situation that
I'm in right now and the potential for
me to earn myself a spot on the team as
is there if it works out for you was
this the perfect way for you to leave
rider nation with the great car
absolutely III wouldn't have it any
other way a chance to play in a Grey Cup
and win a Grey Cup in front of our fans
there's no better way to go out than
that have you talked to Jerry Union I
haven't yeah like I said Oh a lot has
happened very quickly really in the last
24 48 hours for all this to happen and I
haven't really had a moment to to relax
here for a bit it would have to be a
right fit for you and it's not just
going down there just to kind of dip
your toe in the water you're going down
there to play is this off it you have to
make a decision on basically is it I
guess would it be sizeable and what I
mean by that is maybe up front
guaranteed money that would have you
believe that this is something real more
than just kind of training camp stuff
for me from the start of this before any
money contract was ever mentioned my
first instinct was to find a place that
wanted me there and that had a need for
a player like me so I was in a good
position to to go into a training camp
and battle for a spot on the roster
money wasn't a factor for me in this
decision it's a decision based on an
opportunity a situation that I feel like
I have a very good chance to make a
football team
feel how difficult is it to leave this
fan base knowing that you're running
with popular players here it's been very
difficult it's six years here playing in
front of these fans is a very special
experience something I'll always
remember being able to interact with the
fans and the community as much as I have
as much as we as players are able to do
that is pretty special I thank all the
fans for the support that I've been
given throughout the last couple months
since the end of the season the support
has been there for the most part but I
know that this fan base really cares
about the players that are here and I
would I would like to say that the team
that I'm talking with I've made a
request for aid a certain jersey number
and I requested jersey number 13 because
I wanted to kind of show my respect to
the 13th man of Ryder nation and you
know if everything works out the way
that I'm hoping I'll be able to wear 13
on Sundays and the writer nation will be
out on the field with me in that aspect
if you came here six years ago you said
you'd never expected anything like this
what did you expect to be honest I
didn't know what I was getting myself
into at all
you know coming into the CFL
it's the league that really didn't know
really anything about I knew that
receivers got motion that was that was
pretty much it the field is bigger but
just to learn about this organization
and what it means to this province and
the fans around around Saskatchewan is
it was a great learning experience for
me and something very special to be a
part of